This document is valid as of Jan.11.2024.

-There are honor societies in SJA Jeju.

-IT Offices are located at Highschool (3rd Floor), Middle school(2nd Floor), and Elementary School(1st floor).

-Medical centers are located at GYM and HighSchool(1st floor). 

-Smoking is not allowed

-Use restarting your computer to make your computer faster.

- house systems are in place for the sake of community building, like Harry Potter!

The below are High School Faculty & Staff.

Students call teachers like Mr. + Last name. e.g., Mr. Boyd / Mr. West / Ms. Gruzynski

Lastname comes first in this list. e.g, Mr.Boyd is written as Boyd,Justin, but his name is Justin Boyd, Mr.West is written as West,Jakeh but are actaully Jakeh West.

Mr.Prawitz is the best computer science teacher according to his students.

High School Faculty & Staff 

Boyd,Justin 
High School Principal 

Paige,David 
Dean of Students 

Social Studies
Cooper, Nathaniel 
Social Studies Teacher 

Schroeder, Phillip 
Social Studies Teacher 

Vance,Walker 
Social Studies Teacher 

Gruzynski,Katherine 
High School Assistant Principal 

Ingham,Aaron 
Social Studies Teacher 

Seo,Vivienne 
Korean History, Drama, KFL Studies 

West,Jakeh 
Social Studies Teacher 


https://www.sjajeju.kr/academics/high-school/high-school-faculty-staff 


Mathematics 
Fromme, Zachariah 
Math Teacher 

Marulendra, Parul 
Math Teacher 

Rojas,Jess 
Math Teacher 

English
Carriveau,Danielle 
English Teacher 

Draper, Tyler 
English Teacher 

Lee, Eunsaem 
Math Teacher 

Poole, Stephen 
Math Teacher 

Tibboel,Gregory 
Math Teacher 

Christensen,Carissa 
English Teacher 

Lee, Youngen 
English Teacher 


Lyons,Brittany Paige,David 
https://www.sjajeju.kr/academics/high-school/high-school-faculty-staff 


English Teacher 

Roberts, Summer 
English Teacher 

EAL 
Luangwilai Tatpicha 
EAL Teacher 

Science and Engineering
Avila, Luis 
Physics Teacher 

Bennett-Heymann, Joseph 
Biology Teacher 

Moreno,Cesar 
Chemistry & Integrated Science Teacher 
Dean of Students 

Schull,Danielle 
English Teacher 

Marchetti,Ben 
EAL Teacher 

Bennett,Jonathan 
Computer Science & Robotics Teacher 
Cole,Deric 
Chemistry & Physics Teacher 

Oliver,Joanne Biology & Environmental Science Teacher 

https://www.sjajeju.kr/academics/high-school/high-school-faculty-staff 



Prawitz,Adam 
Computer Science Teacher 

Kwak,Devorah 
Science Laboratory Assistant Teacher 
Global Language 
Hu, Sunny 
Chinese Teacher 

Prieto,Cynthia 
Spanish Teacher 

PE & Art & Music
Dusting,Jordan 
Physical & Health Education Teacher 
Singh,Uma 
STEAM Teacher 

Kim, Heemang 
Korean Language and Literature 
Yao,Ruihua 
Chinese Language and Academic Support
 
Emerson,Kristine 
Visual Arts Teacher 


https://www.sjajeju.kr/academics/high-school/high-school-faculty-staff 


Gonzalez, Edward 
Filmmaking & Photography Teacher 

Reed, Shawn 
Visual Art Teacher 

Counselor & Student Support 
Crnomarković, 
Sladjana 
High School Counselor 

Song, Suzy 
Academic Support 

Library
O'Neill,Brandon 
Librarian 

Moy, Hector 
Music Teacher 

Reed, Emmanuel 
Academic Support 

Taliman,Roshel 
High School Counselor 

Kim,Juliet 
Assistant Librarian 





College Counselor 
Thomson, 
Christopher 
Director of College Counseling 
Henson,Johanna 
College Counselor 

Taliman,Roshel 
High School Counselor 

Administrative Staff
Han, Mihee 
Administrative Assistant of High School 
Choi, Sunah 
Korean College Counselor 

Lor, Zua 
College Counselor 

Park, Yeojin 
College Counselling Assistant 

Ryu, Lynn 
Administrative Assistant of High School 

https://www.sjajeju.kr/academics/high-school/high-school-faculty-staff 




____


Senior Capstone
Capstone is a mandatory one-semester course for SJA Jeju seniors which will begin in 2019 – 2020. The culmination of all previous learning, capstone serves as an opportunity for students to demonstrate mastery of SJA Jeju standards as they prepare to further their education, embark on their careers, and carry the overall SJA Jeju experience into their personal and professional lives.

The capstone curriculum is linked to the mission of the school. The development of a professional attitude sets the tone for character. The research and problem solving required to complete the program addresses inquiry and the sharing of ideas with the Academy and local communities address community.

In addition to meeting the mission of the school, the goals of senior capstone are to help students:

Broaden their academic capabilities.

Embrace creativity and productivity to create a professional end product that reflects enhanced talents and passions.

Prepare to be persistent problem solvers who are adaptive to change in a globally competitive society.

Facilitate cross-community exchanges and communication both with young people and with elders by means of intergenerational interviews, conversations, and field research.

Nurture leadership opportunities, community involvement, citizenship, team building, and collaboration with peers and professionals.

Recognize the importance of technology integration, universal media tools, and state-of the art presentations in the 21st century.

Understand the essence of business management, competence, and professionalism, including the use of formal presentations, follow-through, and product outcome.

Build self-confidence, perseverance, integrity, and responsibility.


The principal expectations of a capstone student is that he/she will: enter into either a professional or an academic conversation about an idea/issue/topic, using research, problem solving interpersonal and communication skills; instill habits of professionalism and civil discourse; and develop a portfolio of work that will exhibit skills and dispositions as they enter adulthood.

From concept through completion, students will be guided through a series of tasks that enable them to do more than deliver a final presentation. Incorporating real-life experiences from the business and academic worlds and implementing innovative ideas, (as well as ideals), students should be left with a tangible product that they may use as a resource for the rest of their lives. 

https://www.sjajeju.kr/academics/high-school/senior-capstone



- information about community service could be found here: https://sites.google.com/sjajeju.kr/sjayouthinaction/




information valid as of 1/11/2024


St. Johnsbury Academy Jeju provides a College Counseling program that is dedicated to helping students find the best university that suits their academic abilities, career aspirations, and desired location. The program also assists students applying to South Korean Universities. Each student is unique and has individual goals that require nurturing and development. The College Counselor works closely with each student to explore and expand their knowledge of various universities, which may be most appropriate for their future career development. The program encourages students to cultivate and explore their academic interests and research possible careers in that area, be it a university or a Gap year. The process of developing a student's abilities and interests is a journey that takes many years.

When considering how many universities to apply to, it's important to research schools through CIALFO, our College and Career Platform, and other online resources. Students should narrow down their target universities and keep in mind that St. Johnsbury Academy Jeju limits the number of applications to 14 using a 12+2 system. The more universities a student targets, the more work they will need to do and the more application fees they will have to pay. 

We recommend that each student target 1-4 "Reach" schools (highly selective schools), 4-6 "Target" schools (schools that your academic data qualify you for), and 3-4 "Safety" schools (schools where the student's grades are currently above those required of these universities). It's important to apply to universities that you truly want to attend. Randomly selecting universities just because they are listed in the top 50 of some ranking system is not a good way to go about applying to universities. 

During the summers of their high school years, students should try to visit the campuses of universities they are considering applying to. This will give them an opportunity to see the campus, meet with admissions personnel and possibly current students attending that university, and show a demonstrated interest in the school. This can help in developing an understanding if the university will be the right fit.


It is generally observed that universities tend to accept a higher percentage of students who are committed to attending their institution during the early acceptance rounds. However, this varies from university to university. There are fewer students who apply early, so being organized and knowing which school you intend to attend during the early application period can be beneficial. However, with the increasing number of students applying during the early rounds, the chances of getting accepted during this time are slightly decreasing. It is important for students to understand this trend.

Competitive universities are always on the lookout for top academic students who want to commit early to their schools. If you have completed your external tests and have scored well, and your high school GPA is strong, then it is recommended that you apply early (November 1st or 15th) to improve your chances of acceptance. It is essential to know that Early Decision is a binding agreement, whereas Early Action is getting to know earlier if you have been accepted, waitlisted, or rejected. Knowing these possible decisions is important.

It's important to understand why a student should take an AP class. AP classes are college-level courses that can be taken during high school. When considering AP's, a student should ask themselves "why" and "when". AP scores can be used for college credit. Taking AP classes can make a student's transcript stronger, show rigor, and allow them to experience college-level courses while still in high school. However, students should only choose AP courses when they are ready. Taking a class when a student is not prepared could result in a low grade, which would negatively affect their GPA. Additionally, students should only take AP courses if they have a genuine interest in the subject. It's not recommended to take AP courses just for the sake of impressing universities. Universities are more interested in how a student learns in a classroom setting. SJA Jeju offers many options in a variety of subject areas to meet the needs of our students. My suggestion is to start slowly and gradually take more AP courses in high school. Remember, a student's GPA is one of the most important components of their college application.

Universities evaluate a student's transcript to determine whether or not they are a good fit for the school. The first thing they consider is the student's Grade Point Average (GPA) at their current school. They also look at the courses the student has taken to see if they are academically challenging and of interest to the university. Additionally, universities examine the student's extra-curricular experiences, awards, and activities, as well as the impact the student has had on their school and community. It cannot be emphasized enough that the College Essay plays an important role in a university's admissions decision. A well-crafted, personal, and uniquely presented essay can make a difference to the admissions committee. Recommendation letters are also very important in providing perspective to the university about a student's academic performance, character, and attitude. Other factors, such as legacy, cultural-ethnic heritage, socio-economic background, and interviews, may sometimes play a role as well. Finally, if required, universities will look at a student's external exams, such as SAT/ACT and TOEFL scores, that the student provides.

It is recommended that students spend sufficient time thinking, nurturing and drafting their Personal Statement/Essays over a period of time. To ensure this, I suggest that students should start exploring and drafting their essays/personal statements during the 2nd semester of their Junior year, which is when the new Common Application Essays are revealed, and over the summer break. Workshops will be conducted to guide students throughout the 2nd semester of their Junior year. It is always best to start drafting your personal essay early and take the time to edit and find your voice.


